Shen Guan, don't you like to pretend?
I want to see how you died today
This first step requires a strong person to cross the tribulation
kid
You are so young to provoke me Baidu in the Western Regions
Hmph, it's just suicide
Well we'll see.
I hope Fan Wu didn't lie to me.
It goes out. It goes out.
Fan Wu really didn't fool me
It turns out that this kid doesn't know any Dao skills at all
It seems that he is going to be out of the limelight today
That's not possible.
He makes
There must be something wrong with the Fa-rectification
shut up
Are you questioning my ability in the Ten Kingdoms of the Western Regions?
Boy, this envoy actually underestimates you
But even if you can take this first step
You don't have the mission of being an immortal
This second step can kill you
I have nothing to fear
What is a mere subsidence?
This kid is young
How can there be such a high cultivation base
I went out. I came back.
I'm going out.
I'm back. I'm out again.
What is a mere eye full of tricks?
You said he was fake.
How dare you be an envoy
I bet my life he's a liar
There must be something wrong with the envoy's words
Shut up and dare to question my protection of the Western Regions
After the 60,000-mile mountain country, boy
It takes nerve power to break through
Hmph, I'll see how you go
The cultivation of this Dragon King goes beyond the realm of gods
Look good, I will pass this thousands of miles in an instant
not good